---
id: Release V1.0
---

Announcement
------------

The Qredo Network is now **live** in limited preview. 

We are pleased to announce the Release v1.0 of the Qredo for fast and secure movement of digital assets.

The Qredo Network is an Institutional Grade Peer to Peer Trading and Capital Management Network.

Our vision is to provide True Self custody, Instant Transfer, Swap, Lending, Liquidity Pools, Stakes and Arbitrage for Digital Assets.

Built on a secure institutional grade infrastructure, globally distributed data centers and novel open protocol. Qredo is the first consensus-driven multi-party computation network to eliminate private keys and introduce a fast finality (1 second) blockchain for immutable digital asset tracking, delivery and audit.

For capital market participants:

*   Buy side: make more, sell more and risk less
    
*   Sell side: zero fees, zero settlement risk that unlocks institutional investment
    
*   Managed Trading Services: scale your client trading services operation on a secure, immutable platform that delivers zero counterparty risk and instant payment and delivery services cross exchange.
    

Take advantage of Zero AUM, No Minimum Charges, or Setup fees. Request early access today and experience instant digital asset payment and delivery, with zero counterparty risk on a network that eliminates data theft.

Summary
-------

Release V1 Launches the Qredo Network. Under our first milestone:

### Qredo Network 

*   Live layer-2 network for delivery and payment of digital assets, secured using patent-pending software, FIPS validated and Common Criteria certified hardware.
    
*   Globally deployed on hardware hardened infrastructure hosted in Tier 4 data centres in financial capitals: New York, London, Chicago, Singapore, Hong Kong and Tokyo.
    

### Qredo Network Apps

*   Qredo Desktop App a web based digital asset payment, delivery and capital management platform
    
*   Qredo Signing App. Secure Multi-factor authentication device using the latest breakthrough in MPC to securely authorise and approve digital asset transaction within independent self-governed custody rules. IOS Devices OSX13 and above support with Android coming soon.
    

### **Digital Assets**

*   Milestone 1, supports Bitcoin Testnet with Bitcoin, Ethereum and other crypto assets to arrive on the network shortly. 
    

Release Notes
-------------

The following v1.0 features are available today:

**Qredo Desktop App**

*   **Peer to Peer transfers, Treasury & Capital Management**
    
    *   Create multiple funds and choose which crypto assets the fund can hold.
        
    *   Deposit funds from an external source into an MPC-controlled Qredo address.
        
    *   Transfer assets instantaneously to other members of the Qredo network.
        
    *   Whitelist external wallet or exchange addresses.
        
    *   Withdraw funds from Qredo to whitelisted addresses invoking the MPC network to sign the transaction.
        
    *   View full details of all inbound/outbound transactions, all asset balances and all approval requests in the web application.
        
*   **Self-Custody & Governance**
    
    *   Transfer Custody Policy - assign custodians for transfers (on the Qredo Network).
        
    *   Withdrawal Custody Policy - assign multiple Custodians over each fund who must approve outbound movement of assets from that fund.(Qredo Network to external address).
        
    *   Define a threshold that governs how many of the total number of Custodians must approve transactions.
        
    *   View audit history of actions authorisations and approvals.
        
    *   Review requests to connect with other **Qredo Network members.**
        
    *   Review requests to **authorise transactions** that you have **trade initiator.**
        
    *   Review requests to **approve transactions** where you are a **nominated custodian.**
        
    *   Review requests to add cryptocurrency addresses to **withdrawal whitelist.**
        

**Qredo Signing App**

*   Built on an open source, zero-knowledge, true two-factor authentication protocol.
    
*   Multi-factor signing device to enable you to securely authorise or reject requests generated by Qredo Network for your attention.
    
*   Receive alerts from Qredo Network as via push notifications on you device.
    
*   Review request details and choose to approve or reject. All actions are signed with a secret key generated on and stored securely in the phone
    
*   Protect this secret using your phone’s biometric capability (Touch ID or Face ID on iOS) and return request to the Qredo network using a 6 Digit PIN.
    
*   Sign five types of approval requests using the mobile app:
    
    1.  Request to login to **Qredo Desktop App**.
        
    2.  Requests to connect with other **Qredo Network members**
        
    3.  Requests to **authorise transactions** that you have **trade initiator**
        
    4.  Requests to **approve transactions** where you are a **nominated custodian**
        
    5.  Requests to add cryptocurrency addresses to **withdrawal whitelist.**